Let's go from zero to the trader in 30
days. We saw that we have mild
overfeitting. So we need to check in
sample if changing the values of our
inputs impacts a lot our P&L and that's
what I refer to yesterday talking about
full boost areas and checking for
different levels [music] of the
takerits. It looks like 4,400 is within
a safe range because [music] the P&L is
not changing dramatically and the same
for the stop loss. For max bars in
trade, we do have a local maximum. So
just for example sake let's use 52
rather than 50 as an input. Tomorrow we
will check if this gives us any
improvements which adopt [music] given
how simple our strategy is. It is more
just to give a grasp of the process.